Israeli opposition leader and former
prime minister Yara laid has repeated a
call for nanahu to resign ramping up
pressure on the Prime Minister a day
after he was heckled in Parliament by
relatives of captives held by Hamas
lapid says changing a prime minister in
the middle of a war isn't good but the
one in office is worse he cannot
continue Gideon Levy is a columnist at
harr's newspaper and he's joining us
live from Tel Aviv always a pleasure to
have you with us on Mr Levy nathany
who's obvious critics aside just how
much support does he have for his
handling of the
war the support shrinked dramatically
but he still has his base and this base
will be very faithful to Netanyahu but
above all it's not only about the public
opinion the majority in the parliament
is still very solid and therefore all
the
are not realistic because I don't see
you see you need four members of his
coalition to quit the coalition to to
change sides I don't see none of the
members of the Coalition doing so in the
coming future and if not all the talking
about replacing Nan are quite Hollow we
often hear that Netanyahu will not
remain prime minister after this war
would that be a reason for him to
prolong
it I wouldn't get so far I mean he's a
very cynical politician no doubt about
it but I give him still the credit that
this for sure will not be his only
consideration I I cannot buy it that he
will do everything to prolong this war
only for prolonging his his term I I
refuse to believe in it even though
there are many people people you know
finally it's above what's deep in his
heart and deep in his mind which nobody
knows many things that that's his
motivation I wouldn't take it so
dramatically so
extremely certainly he has spoken since
the War Began about a very long War he
said recently that they will fight that
Israel will fight until the end but do
we know what the end is or does he know
what the end is
that's the the $1 million question
because neither him nor you nor me nor
anyone knows what is the end game of
this War I kept on saying this also in
your network from from day one we went
to this war with some kind of
justification because the because of the
barbaric attack on the sevens but
without any plan how far do we go what
are the goals are the achievable goals
in which way are we ready to pay any
price to achieve the goals are we going
to enforce the Palestinians in Gaza to
pay any price for achieving the goals
including killings of thousands and tens
of thousands of people I mean all those
questions were never answered and
therefore we continue now in an iner of
of War without nobody knowing where do
we go what are the goals can we achieve
them when will we stop and everyone
looks at Washington with a hope or with
a fear it depends when will Washington
put an end to this war what about the
war cabinet are they on the same page
about the objectives there's Netanyahu
the defense minister another Minister
Benny Gans a couple of observers are
they
United at least them in the objectives
of the
war more than it seems don't be wrong
there is a big majority in Israel to
continue the war including the
opposition I didn't hear Mr laid or Mr
Gans or anyone else who called to stop
this war now none of them said so so we
shouldn't get too much excited about an
opposition in Israel to the war because
there is no opposition to this war in is
which should worry many Israelis Mr Levy
it's uh very good to have your analysis
that is Gideon Levy joining us live from
Tel Aviv thank
you thank you